                            ASSIGNMENT - 2 : WORKING WITH ARRAYS

Note : Kindly use the following snippets in your code : 

            int* arr = new int[ n ];        // MEMORY ALLOCATION
            delete[] arr;                   // MEMORY DEALLOCATION

Note : To save time on u-i/p array testing, you can use the random function to generate the array, based on the given range.


1. WAP to take u-i/p of an array and display it.

2. WAP to print the Maximum and Minimum elements in a u-i/p array;

3. WAP to print the Mean of a u-i/p array.

4. Take an integer array as u-i/p. Perform Bubble Sort on it. Then implement Binary Search.
   Use Iterative approach for both functions.

5. WAP to perform CRUD operations on an array.
    Also write functions to rotate the array Clockwise and Anticlockwise.

6. Sumegh is a teacher at Whitehat Jr. 
   While manually performing Data Entry for the marks obtained by students in the recent exam he makes errors, owing to his failing marriage.
   Sumegh enters the marks into an array. Every element he enters is accidentally incremented by him by the corresponding position of that element.
   
   For Example, Let arr = 100, 69, 91, 72, 88
        Then, corrected arr = 99, 67, 88, 68, 83.

    Print the corrected array for u-i/p.

7. WAP to check if an array is a Palindrome.

8. After his wife left him, Sumegh started dating older women in the hopes finding love once again.
    Every night Sumegh sleeps with a cougar, who then rates his performance out of 10.
    Store the performance ratings of 'N' women into an array and determine whether that array forms a Binary, Octal or Decimal number ;)
    Do note that Sumegh is incapable of Hexadecimal Performances!

9. Delete duplicate elements in a u-i/p array.

10. Combine 2 u-i/p arrays into one in sorted order.

11. Given an array of strings and an array of integers.
    The Strings are the names of cougars and the Integers are the corresponding Ratings.

    For Example, Name[ 0 ] gives a rating of Rating[ 0 ].

    Print the name(s) of the woman/women that are most displeased with Sumegh.

12. The irony of life has brought Sumegh and Arjun together.
    Arjun is engaged to Draupadi while Sumegh is fucking her mother.
    Given a u-i/p array of performance ratings, where odd indexes correspond to Sumegh and even indexes correspond to Arjun.

    Find out who is better in bed on average. 

13. It seems Karma has caught up with Medha, who is currently struggling with hairfall.
    For a given day, she either loses some hair, or gains some.
    Given an integer array where hairloss is negative and hair gain is positive. 
    
    Determine whether Medha will go bald, or continue screwing over men.

14. Debjit has joined C4 to improve his performance in the Gentleman's Game.
    Seeing his improvement, Bikram on the other hand has bought a Bowling Machine to preserve his reputation.

    Debjit has to pay Rs. x everyday for C4 while Bikram bought the Machine for Rs. Y ( u-i/p ), and spend Rs. z everyday on electricity everyday.
    Rs. x and Rs. z values fluctuate everday, so they are stored in 2 separate arrays.

    Find out who spends more to caress their ego.


15. Divide an integer array into palindromes and print them.
    
    For example : 
            Input : 1 2 1 3 4 5 1 5 4 
            Output : 1 2 1
                     3
                     4 5 1 5 4

    Minimise the number of palindromes.

